
Sweet from Bahrain
    Halwa . Bahraini
    Ingredients 
    -  Sugar
    - flour
    - aroma
    -  honey 
    
    
    
    
    - Intructions:
    




arabian kabsa

    INGREDIENTS
Kabsa spice mix:
¼ tsp ground cardamom (cardamom powder)
¼ tsp ground white pepper (white pepper powder)
¼ tsp saffron
½ tsp ground cinnamon (cinnamon powder)
½ tsp ground all spice
½ tsp dried whole lime powder
Chicken kabsa:
2 tbsp oil or butter
3 onions, sliced
1 tbsp minced ginger (ginger paste)
1 tbsp minced garlic (garlic paste)
1 green chili
2 dried bay leaves
6 cloves
4 cardamom pods
1 cinnamon stick
2 tbsp tomato puree (tomato paste)
1 pinch ground nutmeg (nutmeg powder)
½ tsp ground black pepper (black pepper powder)
¼ tsp ground cumin (cumin powder)
½ tsp ground coriander (coriander powder)
3 medium carrots, thinly sliced
200 g canned diced tomatoes (or 3 tomatoes chopped)
2 chicken cubes
1½ kg whole chicken, cut into 6 pieces
3 cups basmati rice, rinsed
¼ cup raisins
Water
Salt to taste
Raisins, to garnish (optional)
Slivered almonds, to garnish (optional)


   INSTRUCTIONS


 
1. To make kabsa spice mix, combine together cardamom, white pepper, saffron, cinnamon, 
all spice and lime powder in a bowl.Set aside.
2. Heat oil in a large heavy bottomed pan over medium-high heat. Add onions, ginger, garlic and green chilies.
Sauté for 2-3 minutes or until the onions turn golden brown. Add bay leaves, cloves, cardamom pods and cinnamon stick.
Fry for a minute.
3. Stir in tomato purée. Add ground nutmeg, ground black pepper, ground cumin, ground coriander and kabsa spice.
Season with salt. Fry the spices for a minute. Add carrots and diced tomatoes. Stir, and cook for 2 minutes.
4. Add chicken cubes and chicken pieces. Brown chicken, turning occasionally, for about 30 minutes. 
Remove the chicken pieces from the pan. Set aside.
5. Add rice and raisins. Pour in 4 cups water. Season with salt. Bring it to the boil. Reduce the heat, 
cover with lid, and simmer for 10-15 minutes.
6. Preheat grill. Grill chicken for 10-15 minutes or until cooked through. Serve rice with grilled chicken.
